convertCoordinates                convertCoordinates.c

precessBesselian                  precessBesselian.c
precessBesselianWithProperMotion  precessBesselian.c
precessJulian                     precessJulian.c
precessJulianWithProperMotion     precessJulian.c

convertEquToGal                   convertEquGal.c
convertGalToEqu                   convertEquGal.c
convertGalToSgal                  convertGalSgal.c
convertSgalToGal                  convertGalSgal.c
convertEclToEqu                   convertEclEqu.c
convertEquToEcl                   convertEclEqu.c
computeEquPole                    convertEclEqu.c

convertBesselianToJulian          convertBesselianJulian.c
convertJulianToBesselian          convertBesselianJulian.c
correctCoordinateRange            convertBesselianJulian.c
correctForEclipticETerms          convertBesselianJulian.c
correctForEquatorialETerms        convertBesselianJulian.c
getEclETermCorrection             convertBesselianJulian.c
getEquETermCorrection             convertBesselianJulian.c
refinedEclETermCorrection         convertBesselianJulian.c
refinedEquETermCorrection         convertBesselianJulian.c

initializeFK5CorrectionData       computeFKCorrections.c
besselianToJulianFKCorrection     computeFKCorrections.c
interpolateBilinear               computeFKCorrections.c
interpolateLinear                 computeFKCorrections.c
julianToBesselianFKCorrection     computeFKCorrections.c
loadFK5Constants                  computeFKCorrections.c

parseCoordinateString             parseCoordinateString.c
sexToDegree                       sexToDecimalDegree.c
checkFormat                       sexToDecimalDegree.c
getSubstrings                     sexToDecimalDegree.c
degreeToDMS                       decimalDegreeToSex.c
degreeToHMS                       decimalDegreeToSex.c
degreeToSex                       decimalDegreeToSex.c
roundValue                        decimalDegreeToSex.c
